what is up everyone rage elixir here and
I am back with another minecraft pocket
edition video and today we're gonna be
talking about something special for
Pocket Edition 0.12 and that's is
shaders for 0.12 so let's go ahead and
get started I will leave the download
link in the description down below for
this shader texture pack so what you'll
need is a block launcher and what you
want to do is basically drag in the
WinRAR file that you download from the
download link and then you just drag it
in to whichever file you're gonna be
accessing to in block launcher so what
you want to do is go ahead and tap on
the wrench tool and go into launcher
options and then go into texture pack
and go ahead and select and go into the
file that you saved the shader file in
or the shader texture pack file in so as
you can see mine is in the DCIM folder
and basically I already selected it so I
no need to do so again but as you can
see it says shaders mcpe 0.12.10 shaders
so let's go ahead and go into the game
and I will show you guys some shader
gameplay alright boys so now I am in my
rage elixir laboratory laboratory and as
you can see the different textures in
this texture pack good thing I have a
texture pack review map pretty much and
as you can see the different warms over
here pretty much shades every single
thing you can possibly think of
especially water water is now very
free-flowing and it looks really really
amazing in my opinion and as you can see
look at the trees they wobble guys they
wiggle around it's really really awesome
you guys can see the leaves moving you
can see the tall grass moving as well
it's it's just like a full package
pretty much it's just a very very good
shader so um anyways guys hope you guys
enjoyed this video I will be sure to
leave the download link in the
description down below so hope you guys
are having a great day hope you guys
check out my other videos and let's try
to get to 500 likes and subscribe to me
if you guys haven't already for more
Minecraft Pocket Edition content and be
sure to follow me on Twitter I will see
you guys in the next one peace out guys
as you can see the sky is also moving
around a which is really really amazing
but anyways see you later